Update 'Chat' page (#2119)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/chat.adoc

title: Chat
---

The Jenkins project meets to discuss various topics on Gitter and IRC.

> In addition to the general purpose rooms and channels listed below, link:../sigs/[special interest groups] have their own spaces, and you will see chat rooms linked from the SIGs overview page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the general purpose rooms and channels listed below, link:../sigs/[special interest groups] and link:/projects[sub-projects] have their own spaces, and you will see chat rooms linked from their pages.
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/pull/2083 from @sp1r might be a good addition to it

Reviewer 2: Looks like others cannot accept suggestions. So maybe once @daniel-beck accepts this, he can merge?
